He sobered, staring at the screen a moment before typing again.
What sorts of search phrases do you think they will be typing in on Google?
He hung up and texted her quickly, typing with his thumb.
Finally he began typing.
She heard him typing in the background.
He whipped out his phone and trotted down the stairs, typing a response to one of the many texts he'd received.
For a moment she considered his response before typing.
Just in case, she waited a full two minutes outside his condo before typing in the code.
You can build a site right now by opening up a text editor like Notepad and typing in the following code.
You can also use the search box provided, by simply typing in the product you are looking for.
Main research interests are the molecular typing of bacteria and characterisation of antibiotic resistance genes.
Chat rooms rely on the use of abbreviations and acronyms to save keystrokes (and time) when typing messages.
If you are a student or are taking a typing class, ask your teacher if the school has a version of Mavis Beacon that you can practice with.
I'm going to have to stop typing now I've become too angry.
You can change value by either clicking the up/down arrows or typing into the text box - both methods are shown in the movie.
Sitting typing away at emails in a lonely hotel room, it's even bearable to listen to music from the built-in speakers.
The default browser which you can start by typing in WWW in an xterm or terminal window is mozilla.
The thing I miss is the number keypad, I find typing numbers in using the numbers at the top extremely cumbersome!
This can be achieved by typing the patient for the relevant antigen and/or performing a direct granulocyte immunofluorescence test.
Additional HPA typing can be performed on request, please discuss with the platelet immunology laboratory.
Typing is tricky - I have my left index finger bound in a big theatrical lump of bandages.
Since there is no need for laboratory investigations such as typing and crossmatching, autologous blood is more quickly reinfused than donor blood.
You can check whether Java is already installed on your machine by typing the command java -version at the command prompt.
Unlike many other computer qualifications, you do not have to learn typing skills nor keyboard layout.
Are they typing in gibberish or stuff that appears completely legit?
Alternatively, if you have a lynx or similar text-based browser, you can access the site by typing www.naht.org.uk in the address line.
Administration errors, typing errors or mechanical malfunction can lead to misrepresentative pricing or details shown.
Take a sheet of thin layout or typing paper and with 2b pencil heavily shade an area large enough to cover your whole sketch.
For these strains other typing methods that detect genetic polymorphism are now available.
This problem is solved by simply typing the missing semicolon on the next line of input.
We must have spent hours typing code into that machine to play some dodgy shooter I think.
If you write lengthy posts, it may be better to save your blogs in a document on your computer instead of typing them directly in the blog editor.
Many schools use Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing to instruct students on how to type.
